# ArcaeaAutoplay (AutoJS Version)
A Python script that transcript Arcaea chart file (.aff file) into AutoJS touchscreen script which automatically plays the Arcaea chart.

# Notes and Disclamers
1. **THIS PROGRAM IS NOT INTENDED FOR CHEATING OR ANY OTHER ILLEGAL USES.**
2. There are many things you can do with this program, such as learning how to interact with Android Input Event, or simply using it to record fanmade Arcaea charts.
3. This program has been identified as having an architectural flaw and thus needs to be completely refactored. There is no real benefit to continuing to improve the program.
4. Due to the architectural flaw, the program may produce critical errors when processing complex charts. Adjusting the parameters can alleviate, but not completely solve the problem.
5. For security reason, the touch events generated by this program will be completely different from the touch input of a real person, **trying to play Arcaea online with the script generated will result in your account being banned immediately.** Also, the parameters of this program are **not set to play any songs by default** and need to be adjusted manually.
6. No reverse engineering work is done during the development of this program.
7. This program is not affiliated with Lowiro or any other commercial organizations, and the Arcaea trademark is owned by Lowiro.

# Prerequisites
- Any version of Python 3 (programmed and tested with Python 3.9.1)
- A computer with compatible python, Visual Studio Code with AutoJS plugin is not required but highly recommended
- AutoJS Pro v8 (This is a paid application!)
- Rooted Android device (Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 or other SoC with equivalent performance is highly recommended)
- the .aff file of the Arcaea chart

# How to use
1. Adjust the Parameter List based on the situations of your Android device.
2. Put an .aff file into the same folder as the python script, and rename the file to 0.aff.
3. Run the python script from the same folder.
4. Open the corresponding Arcaea chart in the game. After the game loads into the gameplay scene, press the pause button and leave it there.
5. Run the generated JavaScript script remotely from your computer on your Android Device. About how to perform remote debugging, please refer to the AutoJS document. (Theoretically, you can run the script locally on your Android device, but this doesn't work with my device, so I'm not sure...)
6. The program will automatically control the device to restart and play the chart. You might need to go back to step 1 and edit the Input Offset to make the program play more precisely.
